CIRC-8224 - IRONdb 0.21.3 Release Notes (#359)
circonus/docs: content/irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 0.21.3

2022-04-22

  **IMPORTANT: This update changes the format of the metric name database.
   The database will automatically be converted to the new format the
   first time the software boots. This will result in the first node bootup after
   upgrading to take longer than normal**

>  * Bumped artmap file version number from 2 to 3. This necessitates a rebuild of the metric name
>    database, so the first restart after updating to this version will take longer than normal to
>    allow the database to generate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Update internal version of the search index database (`metric_name_db`),
   which will cause the first restart after updating to this version to take
   longer than normal while the database regenerates.
```

Operators don't know what an "artmap" is.

Author: D'oh. Good catch.

   streams of a different data type.
 * Fix heap use after free when removing rocksdb based raw shards
 * `graphite_translate` additions/fixes to better match graphite behavior:
   * Fix `asPercent()` translation
 * Make best node selection side aware.
 * Allow CAQL `find` and friends to support a single argument with a tag search expression.
 * Executor metrics updated to be more metrics 2.0 style. They are now tagged with the thread ID as `thread-name`,
   `queue_<#>_num_jobs` is now `size` with `units: messages`, and `queue_<#>_wait_time_hist_ms` and
   `queue_<#>_run_time_hist_ms` are now simply `wait_time` and `run_time` with the additional information
   tagged as stated above, `units: seconds` and "hist" removed from the name entirely. Metrics 1.0 changes
   include simply grouping by thread name rather than the superfluous internal details in place before.
 * Make tag index searching release memory as it executes queries.
 * `graphite:{aliasbynode,removenode,tagbynode}` now all support negative indexes.
 * Removed falsely reported corruption message from reconstitute caused by empty shard files

>  * Added -s [<period>,]<floor>,<ceiling> commandline option for offline single shard reconstitute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added `-s [<period>,]<floor>,<ceiling>` commandline option for offline single shard reconstitute.
```
